Bugs:
No water and slime textures for some strange reason
Teleporter doesn't work

SPAWNING/MISC:
Make it so the user spawns at a random location in the map ("info_player_deathmatch")
When dead, leave corpse. Fade away corpse in 10 seconds.

WEAPONS:
Laser: Autoaim and kill any projectile coming (can destory rockets, grenades, hagar missiles). This is hard, but I think it will add to the gameplay without making it to fancy and complex.
Add weapon animations. Ask Vermeulen for description. I am hoping for a client side moving of the weapon, moving it back depending on how powerful the shot was, and moving with the users jumps/runs/stafing/hits etc.

POWERUPS:
Add energy powerup - Makes the user run 3 times as fast, and jumps 3 times as high. 30 seconds, 2 minute respawn time
Add strength powerup - Basiclly the Quad. 30 seconds, 2 minute respawn time
Add invincible powerup -  30 seconds, 2 minute respawn time
When dead the powerup the user had gets thrown in the air

GAMETYPES:
InstaGib gametype (with nex gun only)
DarkMatch gametype

PHYSICS:
Ability to blow up a rocket/grenade/hagar rocket with a bullet/crylink/nex bullet
When a grenade/rocket/hagar rocket is in the radius (close to it, not just a health of 1) of a explosion, it blows up to
Add liquid damage

PLAYER MOVEMENT:
Add telefragging and make teleporters nicer perhaps
Add crouching

ANIMATIONS:  (all player animations are in player.qc)
Add crouching animations (when crouch is added, this includes: duck duckwalk duckjump duckidle)
Add taunt
Add dying animations (dead1 dead2, then switch to corpse) (I would really really pefer ragdoll, and I think a lot of people would, but I am guessing we can not do that in the time frame)

EFFECTS:
New effect for the laser. No trail, red, needs to glow. Can be done entirely by model, hopefully.
Small air burst, large air burst. Small air burst should be red, for the laser. Large air burst is for the secondary rocket fire.
The glow texture on the nex gun needs to fade in and out depending on the users fire rate.

Quake3 entities needed:
Target_speaker
Trigger_hurt